Update windows exporter dependency to v0.31.1 (#4037)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/prometheus/prometheus.exporter.windows.md

| [`smb`][smb]                               | Configures the `smb` collector.                | no       |
| [`smtp`][smtp]                             | Configures the `smtp` collector.               | no       |
| [`tcp`][tcp]                               | Configures the `tcp` collector.                | no       |

> | [`textfile`][textfile]                     | Configures the `textfile` collector.           | no       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`text_file`][text_file]                   | (Deprecated: use `textfile` instead) Configures the `textfile` collector.            | no       |
| [`textfile`][textfile]                     | Configures the `textfile` collector.           | no       |
```

We could document like this (as used elsewhere in the component docs - eg: in `otelcol.connector.spanmetrics`).  We are a little inconsistent with how we document deprecated args and blocks. I just picked the style that provides the most useful information.

| [`update`][update]                         | Configures the `update` collector.             | no       |

> For backwards compatibility, the `textfile` collector can also be configured with the undocumented `text_file` block.
> It is identical to the `textfile` block, and will be removed in a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< admonition type="caution" >}}
Starting with v1.11, the `text_file ` block is deprecated.
It will be removed in a future release.

Use the `textfile` block to configure the `textfile` collector.
{{< /admonition >}}
```

Something like this to follow the advice here: https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/write/deprecate-remove/  (assuming the deprecation happens in 1.11?

Reviewer: That fits better with the Writer's Toolkit guidelines for deprecation.

### `process`

| Name                        | Type     | Description                                    | Default  | Required |
|-----------------------------|----------|------------------------------------------------|----------|----------|
| `counter_version`           | `int`.   | Version of the process collector to use.       | `0`      | no       |
| `enable_iis_worker_process` | `string` | Enable IIS collectWorker process name queries. | `false`  | no       |
| `exclude`                   | `string` | Regular expression of processes to exclude.    | `"^$"`   | no       |
| `include`                   | `string` | Regular expression of processes to include.    | `"^.+$"` | no       |

> The `counter_version` may be `0`, `1`, or `2`. A value of `0` uses the latest available (currently V2), the other values specify which version of the process collector to utilize.

Reviewer 2: Since it's not a breaking change, it's ok to default to `0`.

Certain collectors cause {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} to crash if those collectors are used and the required infrastructure isn't installed.
These include but aren't limited to `mscluster`, `vmware`, `nps`, `dns`, `msmq`, `ad`, `hyperv`, and `scheduled_task`.

The `cs` and `logon` collectors were deprecated and have been removed from the exporter.

> Their configuration is currently preserved to ease migration, however they will be removed in the future.

Author: The collectors.
